wc24boottitle v1.0 by yellowstar6
This is a simple NAND title for use with WC24 title booting. This is a "hidden" 00010008 title, it will not appear in sysmenu. This title can boot software specified via NANDBOOTINFO. Depending on the NANDBOOTINFO parameters, software can be booted from either SD/USB, HTTP, DVD,(any devoptab device) or official game discs via TinyLoad. NANDBOOTINFO launchcode value 1 is for homebrew booting, the path/URL is specified in NANDBOOTINFO argv[1]. NANDBOOTINFO launchcode value 2 boots the game disc, this takes no NANDBOOTINFO arguments. The low 24-bits of launchcode are used for specifying the type, the final high 8-bits are for booting options. The "dvd:/" device can be used to boot homebrew via libiso9660. DI is initialized on wc24boottitle boot, but ISO9660 isn't mounted unless the "dvd" device is used in the path.
Before booting, NANDBOOTINFO launchcode is set to zero. When wc24boottitle is launched when NANDBOOTINFO launchcode is zero, or any other launchcode that isn't handled, the Wii is shutdown. When the installer finishes installing wc24boottitle, it launches wc24boottitle, which then shuts down the Wii since launchcode is zero. The installer has an option to delete wc24boottitle when it's detected. Since libyellhttp can only download to FAT, an SD card must be inserted when using HTTP booting. wc24boottitle doesn't support HTTP chunked-encoding, since libyellhttp doesn't support it. When launchcode bit 24 is set, WC24 is used to download the dol via HTTP instead of libyellhttp. WC24 downloads content to NAND, and should support chunked-encoding unlike libyellhttp. Content downloaded with WC24 must fit into the IOS heap, this heap is only several MBs. The entry and content stored on NAND for HTTP booting are deleted after the content is downloaded and read. When bit 25 in launchcode is set, KD_Download is used to download all entries installed by wc24boottitle immediately, this is used for auto-update boot mail. When booting homebrew, argv parameters can be passed via parameters following the first two NANDBOOTINFO parameters.(titleID and homebrew path) 
This title has the same TMD access_rights as HBC 1.0.7+, which lets you still use DVD-access and AHBPROT with homebrew booted with this, like HBC 1.0.7+. The wc24boottitle titleID is 0001000857434254.(00010008-WCBT) The installer uses IOS36 to install. The installer sets wc24boottitle IOS to HBC IOS, from the TMD of the current titleID. By default the installer asks whether you want to delete wc24boottitle if it's detected, and if you want to install wc24boottitle. When argv[1] value 1 is passed to the installer by wiiload, the installer will automatically install wc24boottitle. When argv[2] value 1 is passed to the installer by wiiload, the installer will automatically delete wc24boottitle if detected. Normally when deletion/installation fails, or when deletion and installation are skipped, you are asked to press the home button to exit. When either argv[1] or argv[2] are specified, the installer automatically exits where it asks you to press home to exit.
Wc24boottitle installs WC24 entries to auto-update itself. With the entries installed, WC24 downloads wc24boottitle updates hourly in the background, and wc24boottitle checks if there's an update available each time wc24boottitle is run. Wc24boottitle installs a boot mail entry, to automatically wakeup the Wii when a wc24boottitle update is available to auto-update wc24boottitle.  Wc24boottitle boots the installer dol downloaded by WC24 when an update is available. The auto-update entries URLs that wc24boottitle installs uses the same anonymous tracking info for logging server access as wc24app, like wc24app this info only contains the consoleID unique to each Wii.

Credits:
The Loadmii reload stub(which is based on the savezelda reload stub) is used for the boot and reload stub. This stub was modified to load from a path stored in MEM2 set by wc24boottitle. This stub was also modified to disable SD loading, for use with HTTP loading.
Marcan's TinyLoad. This was modified to support loading GC disc games via BC, and the HBC titleID was adjusted when loading fails for HBC 1.0.7.
Bootmii ppcskel realmode.s for title realmode vector.
Bushing's patchmii-core for fakesigning code, title crypto code, etc
RuntimeIOSPatch.c by joedj for patching IOS sig check with AHBPROT ram haxx(currently disabled due to ES fail)

